ReadMe.md, before:

# Chauvet

An (somewhat) amber-yellow colorscheme for Vim.

Chauvet is named after the cave which holds the worlds oldest known paintings,
which France made a 62.5 million dollar "simulacrum" of.

![Vim Terminal Screenshot with Chauvet](screenshot.png)

## Intro
Themes in part are a very personal business. Everyone has their preferences.
At least they should produce legible interfaces. Personally I prefer schemes with few different colours, and more grey shades to "mute" excessive information on the screen.

This is where the (virtual) terminal matters. And that only can be a long ride to figure out. For a long time I was happy I could load the Tango Palette as the 16-colours to use, and I think I stuck with the `desert` color scheme for a long time.

If I enabled the 'bold text in bright colors' option of the terminal app, then I had just enough white/grey shades to make me happy.

I found out about `Mustang` by ~hcalves when I installed powerline for Vim. I must have used that for about 5 years now, and I like it a lot. Strings are green. Identifiers too. Keywords are purple and that is all for the prominent color details, the rest is grey, regular or a paleish yellow.

But it is a very bright green. And its not only in the Vim syntax anymore. It is in Vim Airline (using the `powerlineish` theme) as well. And with `tmuxline` I can more-or-less copy it to my tmux status configuration as well. 

For my tmux configuration however I have been editing two or three of these tmuxline 'exports' for a while now, and one is completely in orange shades. I've called that one amber and used it for generic cases where I did not feel like generating some tmuxline file from airline.

Now with Chauvet I'd like to produce a matching Vim Syntax and Airline theme, and one for the tmux status bar.

Using orange as the primary prominent color.
Suppemented by a somewhat muted green green (maybe a complementary of an orange shade)
and a bit of blue/purpleish for a few details.

Currently it turned out like a few shades of brown, a pale-greenish yellow which all seem a lot like forest colours. With mushroom orange and iris blue and purple.


## Status

Install with package manager and
: colo chauvet

- TODO: replace syntastic with ALE and fix signs
- TODO: fix nice airline status and tmux theme as well

### Changes
2022-02-20
: Looking at Mustang today and variants, found Vitamins by same author.
  Looked like a nice orange/brown colorscheme, except in my terminal.
  So made my own first VIM colorscheme, tested in Xterm and gnome terminal.

Commit message:

Fixed Vim autocompletion menu colors

ReadMe.md, after:

# Chauvet

An (somewhat) amber-yellow colorscheme for Vim.

Chauvet is named after the cave which holds the worlds oldest known paintings,
which France made a 62.5 million dollar "simulacrum" of.

![Vim Terminal Screenshot with Chauvet](screenshot.png)

## Intro
Themes in part are a very personal business. Everyone has their preferences.
At least themes should produce legible interfaces. And personally I prefer schemes with only few different colours, and some additional grey or pale-ish shades. To "mute" excessive information on the screen.

This is where the (virtual) terminal matters. And that only can be a long ride to figure out. For a long time I was happy I could load the Tango Palette as the 16-colours to use, and I think I stuck with the `desert` color scheme for a long time. It looked nice, and did not require anything tedious.

Also, if I enable the 'bold text in bright colors' option of the terminal app, then there are just enough white/grey shades to make me happy.
There's a bright white for formatting the essentials, and regular and grey ("bold black") for the rest.
Very useful to format less-prominent data such as datetimes, paths, and all those sorts of character-dense outputs.
Having two shades of the Tango colors was very nice, and if used sparingly was perfect for many years of use.
No need for RGB, gvim, TERM this or that or editor such or add-on whatever. Just Vim and anything Xterm-like.

I found out about `Mustang` by ~hcalves when I installed powerline for Vim. That I must have used for about 5 years now, and I like it a lot. Strings are green. Identifiers too. Keywords are purple and that is all! No more prominent color details, all the rest is grey, regular or a paleish yellow.

Its not that I never looked through the available themes, but everytime I did there just wasn't any that was nice enough or even usable enough to remember.
And also lots of times "it depends", meaning on the terminal and the exact palette that used. Even with xterm there may be conflicts with X11 but I have not checked that out yet (or had problems).

But anyway. Mustang is a very bright green. And its not only in the Vim syntax anymore. It is in Vim Airline (using the `powerlineish` theme) as well. And with `tmuxline` I can more-or-less copy it to my tmux status configuration as well. For my tmux configuration however I have been editing two or three of these tmuxline 'exports' for a while now, and one is completely in orange shades. Its called 'amber' and I've used it for generic cases where I did not feel like generating some specific tmuxline file from an airline theme (and I only
And the Mustang green is too "neon" to go so well with the orange shades.

With Chauvet I'd like to produce a matching Vim Syntax and Airline theme, and one for the tmux status bar.

Using orange as the primary prominent color.
Orange/yellow shades to remind of the amber fluorescent displays.

Suppemented by a somewhat muted green green (maybe a complementary of an orange shade)
and a bit of blue/purpleish for a few details.

Currently it turned out like with some shades of brown, a pale-greenish yellow.
All seems lot like forest colours: browns and moss-green.
With a mushroom orange, and iris blue or purple.


## Status

Install with package manager and
: colo chauvet

- TODO: replace syntastic with ALE and fix signs
- TODO: fix nice airline status and tmux theme as well

### Changes
2022-02-20
: Looking at Mustang today and variants, found Vitamins by same author.
  Looked like a nice orange/brown colorscheme, except in my terminal.
  So made my own first VIM colorscheme, tested in Xterm and gnome terminal.
